Hello, Mr. Zuttareya.
Welcome.
You're a good woman.
You're a good wife.
Mr. Zuttareya.
Hello.
Can I have ten yen?
Ten yen is a lot.
Thank you.
I'll give you ten yen.
You're a pumpkin.
You shouldn't take my heart.
It's not good.
You're a bastard.
I'm not a man like you.
You can't live like this.
You don't know my life.
You're like air and tires.
It's bad.
I've never heard this.
It's painful, so let go.
It's my fault that it happened.
If you have a warm heart,
you'll be able to move on.
You forgot me?
Thank you.
Ouch!
You're cheating.
It's bleeding.
Women are not so kind.
Hey, you two!
Welcome.
Ten thousand yen?
Ten thousand yen is fine.
Fifty thousand yen?
Thank you.
Is that all?
That's all.
It's fine.
I'll buy it.
I'm scared.
I'm from Kanto.
I'm a businessman.
I'm a man of my word.
How much do you sell?
I'm selling ten thousand yen.
I'll sell another one.
I'm a businessman.
I'm a man of my word.
You're a businessman.
I'm a businessman.
I'm sorry.
I'll sell forty thousand yen.